docs/authors_yaml_format.md, before:

# Authors YAML File Format

The `mkdocs-authors-plugin` expects your author data to be defined in a YAML file (by default, `.authors.yml`) located in the root of your MkDocs documentation project.

The YAML can contain two top-level keys named `page_params` (optional) and `authors`.

## Page Data
The `page_params` key is an optional top-level dictionary that lets you configure characteristics
of the generated authors page itself, such as its main title and an introductory description.

## Author Data

The `authors` key is a required top-level dictionary which holds individual author entries.
Each author entry is identified by a unique key (e.g., `author_one`, `author_two`), which the plugin
uses as the author's ID.

| Field         | Type     | Description                                                          | Example Value                     |
| :------------ | :------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------------------------------- |
| `title`       | `string` | The main title of the generated authors page. Defaults to `Our Amazing Authors`. | `Project Contributors`            |
| `description` | `string` | An introductory paragraph displayed directly under the main title.   | `Meet our team members.` |

Under each author ID, you can define various fields to describe the author.
The plugin will render these fields on the generated authors page.

| Field         | Type     | Description                                                                                             | Example Value                                |
| :------------ | :------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------------------- |
| `name`        | `string` | **Required.** The full name of the author.                                                              | `Author One`                                 |
| `description` | `string` | A brief description or role of the author. This will be displayed as a blockquote.                      | `Lead Developer`                             |
| `avatar`      | `string` | A URL to the author's profile picture or avatar.                                                        | `https://placehold.co/100x100/aabbcc?text=A1` |
| `affiliation` | `string` | The organization or institution the author is affiliated with.                                          | `British Antarctic Survey`                        |
| `email`       | `string` | The author's email address. Will be rendered as a `mailto:` link.                                       | `author.one@example.com`                     |
| `github`      | `string` | The author's GitHub username. Will be rendered as a link to their GitHub profile.                       | `authorone`                                  |
| `linkedin`    | `string` | The author's LinkedIn profile ID (the part after `linkedin.com/in/`). Will be rendered as a link.      | `author-one-profile`                         |
| `twitter`     | `string` | The author's Twitter (X) handle. Will be rendered as a link to their Twitter profile.                   | `author_one_dev`                             |

## Example `.authors.yml`

```yaml
# .authors.yml

# Optional: Define page-level parameters for the generated authors page
page_params:
  title: Our Project Team
  description: "Meet the people behind our project."


# Required: Define individual author data
authors:
  author_one:
    name: Author One
    description: Owner
    avatar: headshot_one.png
    affiliation: British Antarctic Survey
    email: author.one@example.com
    github: authorone
    linkedin: author-one-profile
    twitter: author_one_dev
  author_two:
    name: Author Two
    description: Maintainer
    avatar: headshot_two.png
    affiliation: UK Centre for Ecology & Hydrology
    # You can omit any fields not applicable to an author
  author_three:
    name: Author Three
    description: Core Contributor
    avatar: headshot_three.png
    affiliation: University of Edinburgh
```

Commit message:

adding avatar size/shape options

docs/authors_yaml_format.md, after:

# Authors YAML File Format

The `mkdocs-authors-plugin` expects your author data to be defined in a YAML file (by default, `.authors.yml`) located in the root of your MkDocs documentation project.

The YAML can contain two top-level keys named `page_params` (optional) and `authors`.

## Page Data
The `page_params` key is an optional top-level dictionary that lets you configure characteristics
of the generated authors page itself, such as its main title and an introductory description.

| Field         | Type     | Description                                                          | Default   | Example Value                     |
| :------------ | :------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------- | :-------------------------------- |
| `title`       | `string` | The main title of the generated authors page.                        | `Our Amazing Authors` | `Project Contributors`            |
| `description` | `string` | An introductory paragraph displayed directly under the main title.   | `None`    | `Meet the team members.` |
| `avatar_size` | `integer`| Sets the uniform width and height for all author avatars in pixels.  | `100`     | `120`                             |
| `avatar_shape`| `string` | Controls the shape of the avatars. Can be `square` or `circle`.      | `square`  | `circle`                          |

## Author Data

The `authors` key is a required top-level dictionary which holds individual author entries.

Each author entry is identified by a unique key (e.g., `author_one`, `author_two`), which the plugin
uses as the author's ID.

Under each author ID, you can define various fields to describe the author.
The plugin will render these fields on the generated authors page.

| Field         | Type     | Description                                                                                             | Example Value                                |
| :------------ | :------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------------------- |
| `name`        | `string` | **Required.** The full name of the author.                                                              | `Author One`                                 |
| `description` | `string` | A brief description or role of the author. This will be displayed as a blockquote.                      | `Lead Developer`                             |
| `avatar`      | `string` | A URL to the author's profile picture or avatar.                                                        | `https://placehold.co/100x100/aabbcc?text=A1` |
| `affiliation` | `string` | The organization or institution the author is affiliated with.                                          | `British Antarctic Survey`                        |
| `email`       | `string` | The author's email address. Will be rendered as a `mailto:` link.                                       | `author.one@example.com`                     |
| `github`      | `string` | The author's GitHub username. Will be rendered as a link to their GitHub profile.                       | `authorone`                                  |
| `linkedin`    | `string` | The author's LinkedIn profile ID (the part after `linkedin.com/in/`). Will be rendered as a link.      | `author-one-profile`                         |
| `twitter`     | `string` | The author's Twitter (X) handle. Will be rendered as a link to their Twitter profile.                   | `author_one_dev`                             |

## Example `.authors.yml`

```yaml
# .authors.yml

# Optional: Define page-level parameters for the generated authors page
page_params:
  title: Our Project Team
  description: "Meet the people behind our project."
  avatar_size: 150           
  avatar_shape: circle       

# Required: Define individual author data
authors:
  author_one:
    name: Author One
    description: Owner
    avatar: headshot_one.png
    affiliation: British Antarctic Survey
    email: author.one@example.com
    github: authorone
    linkedin: author-one-profile
    twitter: author_one_dev
  author_two:
    name: Author Two
    description: Maintainer
    avatar: headshot_two.png
    affiliation: UK Centre for Ecology & Hydrology
    # You can omit any fields not applicable to an author
  author_three:
    name: Author Three
    description: Core Contributor
    avatar: headshot_three.png
    affiliation: University of Edinburgh
```
